docs: add docs for Caddy (#400)
dunglas/mercure: docs/hub/troubleshooting.md

For both the `publish` property, the array can be empty to publish only public updates. For both `publish` and `subscribe`, you can use `["*"]` to match all topics.

## Browser Issues

If subscribing to the `EventSource` in the browser doesn't work (the browser instantly disconnects from the stream or complains about CORS policy on receiving an event), check that you've set a proper value for `cors_origins` in the `Caddyfile`. It's fine to use `cors_origins *` for local development.

## URI Templates and Topics

Try [our URI template tester](https://uri-template-tester.mercure.rocks/) to ensure that the template matches the topic.

## Mac OS Localhost Installation Error

How to process for Mercure to work in Mac OS Catalina:

* In the Finder on your Mac, locate the app that you want to open

> * Control-click on the app icon, then choose "Ope"n from the shortcut menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Control-click on the app icon, then choose "Open" from the shortcut menu
```
